ffi-life
  by Andrea Fazzi
  http://github.com/remogatto/ffi-life

== DESCRIPTION:

<tt>ffi-life</tt> is my implementation of The Game Of Life[1]. The
program is derived from my solution to Ruby Quiz #193[2][3]. The
interesting thing about <tt>ffi-life</tt> is that it is a first real
usage example of ffi-inliner:"http://github.com/remogatto/life" a
library to run C code from Ruby through Ruby-FFI. <tt>ffi-life</tt> is
shipped with a naive benchmark that compares the fast
<tt>ffi-inliner</tt> version against the pure ruby version.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Text based!  
* It uses <tt>ffi-inliner</tt> for very fast cells generation
* It is multiVM: give it a whirl with JRuby and appreciate how fast is
  it!

== SYNOPSIS:

Simply open a terminal and run <tt>ffi-life</tt>. The executable takes
grid's width and height as optional parameters.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* ffi-inliner >= 0.2.1

== DOWNLOAD/INSTALL:

  git clone git://github.com/remogatto/ffi-life
  cd ffi-life
  sudo rake gem:install

== LINKS:

[1] - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life
[2] - http://rubyquiz.strd6.com/quizzes/193/
[3] - http://github.com/remogatto/quizzes/

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Andrea Fazzi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
